PRODDOCS-874: Compiling (#9037)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples.md

Unlike other resource types, tests can also be selected _indirectly_ through relationships in your DAG. If a selection method or operator includes a model that a test depends on, dbt will also select that test. For example, when you run `dbt test --select model_b`, dbt includes tests defined on `model_b` as well as tests on related models (like `model_a`) that reference `model_b`. Refer to [Indirect selection](#indirect-selection) for more details on controlling this behavior.

Test selection is powerful, and we know it can be tricky. To that end, we've included lots of examples below:

### Direct selection

Use the `test_type` selector to run a specific category of tests without relying on model selection. This is useful when you want to isolate unit tests from data tests — for example, running only unit tests during development for fast feedback, or running only data tests in production where unit test compute isn't needed. The `test_type` selector works across all engines (<Constant name="core" /> and <Constant name="fusion" />).

> The following selectors can be used with `dbt compile --select` to compile matching test nodes without executing them.

Reviewer: This addition might be a little confusion because in the previous section we're highlighting that this is specifically for the `test_type` selector, not a variety of selectors. Maybe "configurations"?
```suggestion
The following configurations can be used with `test_type` selector to compile matching test nodes without executing them.
```
